README.md, before:

# botman - the ElastoMania Discord bot

Project includes a multi-purpose Discord bot based on [discord.js](https://github.com/hydrabolt/discord.js/) and a stats website built on [Meteor](https://meteor.com).

Feel free to contribute.

## Feedback and suggestions
Use [Issues](https://github.com/nodepowered/botman/issues) to report bugs and suggest new features or improvements.

## Commands
Format: `!command [optional argument] [multiple | choice | argument] <required argument>`

###`!log <item>`
Logs an item such as `cofe` or `bear`, as long as it's set as loggable. Shorthands: `!bear`, `!cofe`, `!wine`, `!water`

###`!draw [name]`
Shows the link to drawing game with optionally the provided room name included in the link

###`!github`
Shows the link to this repository

###`!register`
Only needed for users who joined before 31.08.16

## Contribution guidelines
Let's try to keep [JavaScript Standard Style](http://standardjs.com/) compliant. Project structure roughly follows [Mantra](https://github.com/kadirahq/mantra) suggestions.

Commit message:

added data schema, !lastfm, and a bunch more

README.md, after:

# botman - the [ElastoMania Discord](http://tinyurl.com/elmadiscord) bot

Project includes a multi-purpose Discord bot based on [discord.js](https://github.com/hydrabolt/discord.js/) and a stats website built on [Meteor](https://meteor.com).

Feel free to contribute.

## Feedback and suggestions
Use [Trello](https://trello.com/b/WyGGKT38/elma-discord) to report bugs and suggest new features or improvements, share ideas, etc.

## Commands
Format: `!command [optional argument] [multiple | choice | argument] <required argument>`

###`!log <item>`
Logs an item such as `cofe` or `bear`, as long as it's set as loggable. Shorthands: `!bear`, `!cofe`, `!wine`, `!water`, `!tea`

###`!loggables`
Shows the list of items available to `!log`

###`!draw [name]`
Shows the link to drawing game with optionally the provided room name included in the link

###`!github`
Shows the link to this repository

###`!register`
Only needed for users who joined before 31.08.16

###`!set <setting> <value>`
Set or update a profile setting such as a `lastfm` username

## Under development
###`!lastfm [username]`
Shows last song played on Last.fm

## Contribution guidelines
Let's try to keep [JavaScript Standard Style](http://standardjs.com/) compliant. Project structure roughly follows [Mantra](https://github.com/kadirahq/mantra) suggestions.
